Data Catalog roots (#786)
Deltares/hydromt: docs/user_guide/data_prepare_cat.rst

.. code-block:: yaml

    meta:
      roots:

>         - /linxu/path/to/data_root/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - /linux/path/to/data_root/
```

The yaml file has an *optional* global **meta** data section:

> - **roots**: root folders for all the data sources in the yaml file.

Reviewer: Still optional in the case of cloud data for example. 
I would also explain that they actually link to the same folder and are for cross platform support only. Not like a data source per data source check will be done to be able to store data in different folders.

  If not provided the folder of where the yaml file is located will be used as root.
  This is used in combination with each data source **path** argument to avoid repetition.
  The roots listed will be checked in the order they are provided. The first one to be found to exist will be used as the actual root.

>   This can be used for corss platform and corss machiene compatability as can be seen above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This can be used for cross platform and cross machine compatibility as can be seen above.
```

- **version** (recommended): data catalog version; we recommend `calendar versioning <https://calver.org/>`_

> - **hydromt_version**: range of hydromt version that can read this catalog. Format should be acording to `PEP 440 <https://peps.python.org/pep-0440/#version-specifiers>`_.

Reviewer: See the advice of Dirk but I have a preference to keep this as recommended
